Oh
whoa crash today I was a then beat it up
too bad on thing but I this clip on a
bit back my mirror I messed up a little
bit but that's no big deal screwed my
license plate up bent it into that rear
set off I'm s the screws in the staring
up a little bit can't see how that's
been that's really hot I got scratches
and I cracked it right there I don't
know that's going to trying to big deal
and not gotta hope not and I think it's
leaking oil somewhere I hope it just got
flooded and just draining out of it ska
be low on oil spit out of time it was
all on this side that's really about it
so I didn't do too much all right
they're worried to me in the oil leak
worries me this I don't know how I guess
I'm just been about on how I'll fix that
shouldn't be too hard what happened was
I was I gone to Smith's camp road for
the first time I got on there and that
one for which is friggin awesome by the
way definitely I was planning on going
back out there but I came back I was on
17 I missed my turn and uh after I
missed my turn it was just straight it
was really know where to turn around and
I on the what happened out of nowhere my
front wheel got real squirrely I got
into that speed wobble I got into a bed
so I held on to the gas like I didn't
let go i kept it steady I kind of stood
up I thought I was gonna get out of that
I better well that could have saved it
but then I ran into the grass and
once I ran into the grass the back wheel
skid out so I was like going Tokyo Drift
I was like sliding on the side I still
had the gas stati elam that was just I
know why I did but I did I kind of like
for a second I thought I was going to
save that stand it back up then I hit
the ground said did a few
somersaults got up and walked over to my
bike I didn't get hurt at all I was
wearing my gear I had mesh jacket these
jeans my boots on my wolves and worst
part is i bought a track day for next
month and now I going red I'll just
going straight to I won't even go that
fast on it well how tell what happened
well I just gonna a little more
money fixing it gotta hope it I didn't
do anything bad that right there really
worries me I don't know how I'm gonna
long i'll do that well I know